One.


You’d think they get tired of chasing us….hunting us.  They just keep coming.  Every time we feel a moment of peace we know, we feel it, we feel them.  


Jones has a hypothesis that somehow they can sense our ships even after we jump.  That we may be leaving some kind of wave through space.  It doesn’t make sense, but we’ve scanned our ships, our systems, our bodies for any kind of tracking device or signals and nothing is registering.  I don’t want to believe Jones….but, if he’s right…..we’ll never be safe.


Our supplies are getting low.   I’m worried that our time is out….  








Two.


Moods are rising.  We had a run-in with them today…..and something was different today.  


…..I’m getting sick of leaving them nameless.  From now on, I’ll name them after the name of the system that we encountered them in;  Gliese.  


I can still remember the moment we made contact with….the Gliese.  We were all so excited and in wonder.  Those feelings were tapered with fear.  But, we focused on our mission to explore and search for new life.  


We should have been more fearful….more careful….less trusting.


….focus…..focus…..focus…..focus…..


Today was different….at first we thought it was trap.  Our stock of X89 was almost out…..no X89 then no food, shields...no weapons….no oxygen.  We thought we had found a planet with enough X89 to stock us up for another cycle….maybe 2!  


But then the Gliese popped in right in front us.  It was just one of their ships.  But, still we had no choice.  We had to fight.  


We were going to lose.


…...then it happened….a miracle…..


I thought it was a cruel joke….but, Johar assured me he did a visual check.  Our X89 stock was back to 100%!!  
….they expected a wounded bird….what they got a roaring dragon.  


We need to find where and how the new stock of X89 got on the ship….but, for the moment we’re celebrating.




















Three.








Four.








Five.








Six.






Seven.








Eight.






Nine.